50 activist groups coming together for
one calls we have come out in our
hundreds today uh to the St land forces
land forces is Australia's biggest bu
Expo it is taking place right here at
the Melbourne Exhibition Center we have
seen already many delegates coming
through we want to make it uncomfortable
for these delegates to go inside to make
million dollar contracts to buy all
weapons or sell weapons that are going
to be used to commit genocide it's a
message of solidarity with Palestinians
in Gaza that's echoed Nationwide driving
thousands of people onto the streets
week after week for nearly a year the
appalling images that emerge from Gaza
and to some extent also from the West
Bank and that is be becoming very
disconcerting and frustra frustrating
and disheartening for many people in
Australia
[Applause]
vity has been a Hallmark of the
demonstrations here the killing of tens
of thousands of Palestinians in Gaza
broadcast online igniting the fury of
activists when the first hospital got
bombed and some of those images were
hitting the the the mainstream media I
just couldn't not not do anything
education a vital aspect of the movement
with demonstrators holding teachings and
forums detailing the history of the
conflict well it's mainly about the
children obviously the fatalities in
Gaza we're seeing at 165 thousand so
it's about the children the bombing the
murder of children for others their
decision to act deeply personal I'm a
fifth generation Palestinian refugee um
my ancestry goes back to Palestine
hundreds of years finally the world is
seeing us for who we are we're human
beings we all bleed the same blood a
poll of more than 1,000 Australians
commissioned by humanitarian
organizations found that the number of
people in favor of a ceasefire in
Australia has increased by almost 30%
since November last year to
81% while more than half say they want
stronger action from the government to
achieve this protesters have vowed not
to rest until their demands are met with
ongoing demonstrations intensifying
pressure on the Australian government to
act and some of their messages are
getting through this week the foreign
minister called on Israel to accept the
UN Security Council backed ceasefire
deal in Gaza we have the right to D but
protesters say that's not enough as the
civilian death toll in Gaza Rises so too
does the passion of those here
supporting the Palestinian cause
Danielle Robertson Al jazer
Melbourne make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer